c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Exchange.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Exchange.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.ExchangeRate.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Currencies.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Arkat.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.MinimalDenomination.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Users.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Cashier.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Prerjet.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.PrerjetManage.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Login.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.About.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.Faturat.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.staticWindow.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\obj\x86\Debug\Exchange.UserArka.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Resources\ikone.png
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Resources\mcn_logo_web.png
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\System.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\System.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadDock.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadMarkupEditor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RichTextBox.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.Scheduler.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.SpellChecker.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\TelerikData.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.GridView.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadDock.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RadMarkupEditor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.RichTextBox.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.Scheduler.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.SpellChecker.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Exchange\Exchange\bin\Debug\TelerikData.xml
